Redux(State Management Can Be Hard)

State ?
- ingredients added to Burger.
- is user authenticated.
- is a modal open.
- list of blog posts.

Redux Flow.
1) It's all about a central store we have in each redux application. Third party library, works independient with react.
This store, stores entire application state.
2) Components wants to manipulate or get the current application state.
Redux about: having a clearly defined process of how your state may change.

The first building block besides the central store are actions which are dispatched fro your javascript code, in a react app
they are dispatched from within your Components. And action is just information package in the end with a type, something 
like addIngredient or removeIngredient, a description.

The thing changing the store is a reducer. We can combine multiple reducers into one, but in the end, you'll end up with one route 
reducer which is directly connected to your store in the end.
So the action reaches the reducer and since the action contains a type, the reducer can check the type of the action. For example,
if it's addIngedient and we then define the code for that type of action in the reducer.
The reducer in the end is just a pure function which receives the action and the old state as input and which then spits out an
updated state.
The important thing is that the reducer has to execute synchronous code only, no asynchronous code, no asynchronous code, no side
effects, no HTTP request.

How do we get the updated state back into our component then?
For that, we use a subscription model.

The store triggers all subscriptions whenever the state changes, whenever the state is updated in the store. And of course our
component can subscribe to store updates and it then receives that update automatically.

Sección 14, Clase 256. Immutable Update Patters
https://redux.js.org/recipes/structuring-reducers/immutable-update-patterns

video 258, 09:35

Es necesario manejar todos los state en Redux?
Types of State

Types                           Example                                         Use Redux?
Local UI State                  Show / Hide Backdrop                            Mostly handled within components
Persistent State                All Users, all Posts, ...                       Stored on Server, relevant slice managed by Redux
Client State                    Is Authenticated? Filters set by User, ...      Managed via Redux